README.md, before:

# About
The best outdoor city deserves the best outdoor recreation map. This project is part of a broader effort to build an open outdoor recreation map that any one can use on their website or mobile application. To learn more about this effort visit our [project page](http://openchattanooga.com/chamap/) or just jump right in and start contributing in this [github repo](https://github.com/openchattanooga/chamap). 

Chattanooga has some of the best design talent around. This project is opening up the design of the open outdoor recreation map to the community. See below on how to contribute to the style!

This project is created with love for Chattanooga by Open Chattanooga. 

# How to Contributre
In order to contribute to this project will need to have both a [GitHub](https://github.com/) and [Mapbox](https://www.mapbox.com) account. 
### Step 1: Setting Up Your Mapbox Studio Project
1. Sign into Mapbox Studio. 
2. Create a new blank style and name it ChaMap Master. 
3. Download the chamap master.json file from this repo to your computer. 
4. Replace the chamap master style by: a) clicking on the options icon to the right of the style name, b) selecting the "replace" option and c) navigating to where you downloaded the json file and clicking on replace.

### Step 2: Improve the Basemap
The basemap for the open outdoor recreation map is designed using Mapbox studio. If you are new to this design tool Mapbox has [extensive documentation](https://www.mapbox.com/help/#mapbox-studio) to get you up designing in no time.

### Step 3: Suggest a Design Change to the Basemap
1. Download your json design file from Mapbox and rename it chamap master.json. 
2. Sign into Github and fork this project. 
3. Replace the chamap master.json file with the file you downloaded from Mapbox. 
4. Send a merge request and provide details about the design improves you made to the basemap.

Commit message:

Linked to current version of the map

README.md, after:

# About
The best outdoor city deserves the best outdoor recreation map. This project is part of a broader effort to build an open outdoor recreation map that any one can use on their website or mobile application. To learn more about this effort visit our [project page](http://openchattanooga.com/chamap/) or just jump right in and start contributing in this [github repo](https://github.com/openchattanooga/chamap). 

Chattanooga has some of the best design talent around. This project is opening up the design of the open outdoor recreation map to the community. See below on how to contribute to the style!

Click [here](https://api.mapbox.com/styles/v1/t9er/cilyvyn6r000j9sm2cnsz3kbe.html?title=true&access_token=pk.eyJ1IjoidDllciIsImEiOiJxeUZmTURjIn0.ZHJTbn3yh5fAcYd6GV0vjQ#13.16/35.0170/-85.3322) to review the design of the current basemap. 

This project is created with love for Chattanooga by Open Chattanooga. 

# How to Contributre
In order to contribute to this project will need to have both a [GitHub](https://github.com/) and [Mapbox](https://www.mapbox.com) account. 
### Step 1: Setting Up Your Mapbox Studio Project
1. Sign into Mapbox Studio. 
2. Create a new blank style and name it ChaMap Master. 
3. Download the chamap master.json file from this repo to your computer. 
4. Replace the chamap master style by: a) clicking on the options icon to the right of the style name, b) selecting the "replace" option and c) navigating to where you downloaded the json file and clicking on replace.

### Step 2: Improve the Basemap
The basemap for the open outdoor recreation map is designed using Mapbox studio. If you are new to this design tool Mapbox has [extensive documentation](https://www.mapbox.com/help/#mapbox-studio) to get you up designing in no time.

### Step 3: Suggest a Design Change to the Basemap
1. Download your json design file from Mapbox and rename it chamap master.json. 
2. Sign into Github and fork this project. 
3. Replace the chamap master.json file with the file you downloaded from Mapbox. 
4. Send a merge request and provide details about the design improves you made to the basemap.
